README.md, before:

# Wave Survival Game
A wave-survival game developed in Unity for my grade 12 computer science summative project.

## Getting Started
### Playing the Game

* Download and extract [this](./dist/Gr12_summative_game.zip) file.
* Run the executable file and play.

### Loading the Project in Unity
* This game was developed in [Unity 2017.2.0](https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/unity-2017.2.0). It is recommended that you use this version of Unity to open the project file.
* To open, simply run the Unity launcher, select "open" and navigate to the project's root folder on your machine. Note, on the first time loading may take some time as Unity must generate some library files.

## Game Objectives
The goal of the game is to survive 20 waves of enemies, each with increasing difficulty. 

As you kill enemies you will gain currency which allows you to buy better weapons in the shop (the glowing green-square in the middle). 

You are also able to flip your own local gravity at will which allows for many new movement techniques to be mastered and utilized effectively.

## Accessing the Shop
To access the shop, simply stand on the shop block for a couple seconds. You will see an indicator appear above it displaying the opening progress).

## Controls
* **A** - Move left.
* **D** - Move right.
* **W** - Flip gravity upwards.
* **S** - Flip gravity downwards.
* **Space** - Jump.
* **(In Air) Space** - Double jump.
* **Enter** - Fire weapon.


## Cheats Version

For those who just want to try out all the weapons and/or not worry about dying
the cheats version found [here](./dist/Gr12_summative_game_cheats.zip) can be used.
In this version, items in the shop do not cost anything.

Commit message:

Added link to web build

README.md, after:

# Wave Survival Game
A wave-survival game developed in Unity for my grade 12 computer science summative project.

## Getting Started
### Playing the Game

#### Online 

A web build of the game can be found [here](https://wave-survival.netlify.app/)

### Locally

* Download and extract [this](./dist/Gr12_summative_game.zip) file.
* Run the executable file and play.

### Loading the Project in Unity
* This game was developed in [Unity 2017.2.0](https://unity3d.com/unity/whats-new/unity-2017.2.0). It is recommended that you use this version of Unity to open the project file.
* To open, simply run the Unity launcher, select "open" and navigate to the project's root folder on your machine. Note, on the first time loading may take some time as Unity must generate some library files.

## Game Objectives
The goal of the game is to survive 20 waves of enemies, each with increasing difficulty. 

As you kill enemies you will gain currency which allows you to buy better weapons in the shop (the glowing green-square in the middle). 

You are also able to flip your own local gravity at will which allows for many new movement techniques to be mastered and utilized effectively.

## Accessing the Shop
To access the shop, simply stand on the shop block for a couple seconds. You will see an indicator appear above it displaying the opening progress.

## Controls
* **A** - Move left.
* **D** - Move right.
* **W** - Flip gravity upwards.
* **S** - Flip gravity downwards.
* **Space** - Jump.
* **(In Air) Space** - Double jump.
* **Enter** - Fire weapon.


## Cheats Version

For those who just want to try out all the weapons and/or not worry about dying
the cheats version found [here](./dist/Gr12_summative_game_cheats.zip) can be used.
In this version, items in the shop do not cost anything.
